Update blogpost about anaconda (#429)
sunpy/sunpy.org: posts/2024/2024-08-09-anaconda.md

> Students and educational entities may use our free offerings in curriculum-based courses.

[Following the publication of the Register article, the CEO of Anaconda, Peter Wang posted on Linkedin.](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/pzwang_hi-everyone-recently-there-has-been-discussion-activity-7229549723462905856-rQH-/)
He says that:

> I want to be very clear: Anaconda's installers & package repos are free for teaching, learning, and research at accredited educational institutions worldwide.

and

> Our legal team is taking a comprehensive look at the wording in our current ToS, EULA, and related documents, with a focus on clarity for academic and academic research use.

and

> In addition, we're looking into a flexible pricing structure for non-profit organizations with over 200 full-time employees

> Hopefully by the end of the year which these changes in place, users have a clearer idea of if they are allowed to use Anaconda.

Author: ```suggestion
Hopefully, by the end of the year with these changes in place, users will have a clear understanding if they are allowed to use Anaconda for free.
```

  It is also the only way to [install any SunPy Project library](https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/tutorial/installation.html#installing-miniforge) via conda.
- Never setup or use the defaults "channel" if you install `miniforge`.

> [A blog post written by Tim de Jager & Ruben Artssummarizes how conda-forge is free and avoids any vendor lock in.](https://prefix.dev/blog/towards_a_vendor_lock_in_free_conda_experience)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A blog post written by Tim de Jager & Ruben Arts [summarizes how conda-forge is free and avoids any vendor lock in.](https://prefix.dev/blog/towards_a_vendor_lock_in_free_conda_experience)
```
